javascript web application

### 1

    var Class = function(parent) {
        var klass = function(){
            this.init.apply(this, arguments);
        };
        // Change klass' prototype
        if (parent) {
            var subclass = function() { };
            subclass.prototype = parent.prototype;
            klass.prototype = new subclass;
        };
        klass.prototype.init = function(){};
        // Shortcuts
        klass.fn = klass.prototype;
        klass.fn.parent = klass;
        klass._super = klass.__proto__;
        /* include/extend code... */
        return klass;
    };

### 2

	if (!Function.prototype.bind) {
    	Function.prototype.bind = function (obj) {
        	var slice = [].slice,
        	args = slice.call(arguments, 1),
        	self = this,
        	nop = function () {},
        	bound = function () {
            	return self.apply(this instanceof nop ? this : (obj || {}),
                	args.concat(slice.call(arguments)));
        	};
        	nop.prototype = self.prototype;
        	bound.prototype = new nop();
        	return bound;
    	};
	}

# 3

jQuery has a great way of doing this; simply pass the delegate() function a child selector, event type, and handler. The alternative to this approach would be to add a 
click event to every li element. However, by using delegate(), you’re reducing the
number of event listeners, improving performance:

    // Don't do this! It adds a listener to every 'li' element (expensive)
    $("ul li").click(function(){ /* ... */ });
    // This only adds one event listener
    $("ul").delegate("li", "click", /* ... */);
    

# 4

old style:

    jQuery.fn.tabs = function(control){
        var element = $(this);
        control = $(control);
        element.find("li").bind("click", function(){
            // Add/remove active class from the list-item
            element.find("li").removeClass("active");
            $(this).addClass("active");
            // Add/remove active class from tabContent
            var tabName = $(this).attr("data-tab");
            control.find(">[data-tab]").removeClass("active");
            control.find(">[data-tab='" + tabName + "']").addClass("active");
        });
        // Activate first tab
        element.find("li:first").addClass("active");
        // Return 'this' to enable chaining
        return this;
    };

better:

    jQuery.fn.tabs = function(control){
        var element = $(this);
        control = $(control);
        element.delegate("li", "click", function(){
            // Retrieve tab name
            var tabName = $(this).attr("data-tab");
            // Fire custom event on tab click
            element.trigger("change.tabs", tabName);
        });
        // Bind to custom event
        element.bind("change.tabs", function(e, tabName){
            element.find("li").removeClass("active");
            element.find(">[data-tab='" + tabName + "']").addClass("active");
        });
        element.bind("change.tabs", function(e, tabName){
            control.find(">[data-tab]").removeClass("active");
            control.find(">[data-tab='" + tabName + "']").addClass("active");
        });
        // Activate first tab
        var firstName = element.find("li:first").attr("data-tab");
        element.trigger("change.tabs", firstName);
        return this;
    };


# 5

    var Model = {
        inherited: function(){},
        created: function(){},
        prototype: {
            init: function(){}
        },
        create: function(){
            var object = Object.create(this);
            object.parent = this;
            object.prototype = object.fn = Object.create(this.prototype);
            object.created();
            this.inherited(object);
            return object;
        },
        init: function(){
            var instance = Object.create(this.prototype);
            instance.parent = this;
            instance.init.apply(instance, arguments);
            return instance;
        }
    };
        
# 6

Using CORS is trivially easy. If you want to authorize access to your server, just add a few lines to the HTTP header of returned responses:

    Access-Control-Allow-Origin: example.com
    Access-Control-Request-Method: GET,POST

The above header will authorize cross-origin GET and POST requests from example.com. You should separate multiple values with commas, as with the GET,POST values above. To allow access from additional domains, just list them comma-separated in the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header. Or, to give any domain access, just set the origin header to an asterisk (*).

# 7

This resulted in a lot more work for developers and
entailed practices like browser sniffing, something best avoided. Luckily, Google has
provided an alternative: the Ajax Crawling specification.
Let’s take a look at my Twitter profile address again (notice the exclamation mark after
the hash):
http://twitter.com/#!/maccman
The exclamation mark signifies to Google’s crawlers that our site conforms to the Ajax
Crawling spec. Rather than request the URL as-is—excluding the hash, of course—the
crawler translates the URL into this:
http://twitter.com/?_escaped_fragment_=/maccman
The hash has been replaced with the _escaped_fragment_ URL parameter. In the specification,
this is called an ugly URL, and it’s something users will never see. The crawler
then goes ahead and fetches that ugly URL. Since the hash fragment is now a URL
parameter, your server knows the specific resource the crawler is requesting—in this
case, my Twitter page.
The server can then map that ugly URL to whatever resource it represented and respond
with a pure HTML or text fragment, which is then indexed. Since Twitter still has a
static version of their site, they just redirect the crawler to that.
curl -v http://twitter.com/?_escaped_fragment_=/maccman
302 redirected to http://twitter.com/maccman
Because Twitter is using a temporary redirect (302) rather than a permanent one
(301), the URL shown in the search results will typically be the hash address—i.e., the
dynamic JavaScript version of the site (http://twitter.com/#!/maccman). If you don’t
have a static version of your site, just serve up a static HTML or text fragment when
URLs are requested with the _escaped_fragment_ parameter.

# 8

console.profile();
// ...
console.profileEnd();
As soon as profileEnd() is called, a profile will be created, listing all the functions
(and the time taken in each one) that were called between the two statements



The console also lets you time how long it takes to execute some code. The API is similar
to the profiler—simply wrap the code with console.time(name) and console.time
End(name). Unless you manage to fit everything on one line, you won’t be able to time
code from inside the JavaScript console accurately; instead, you will have to add the
timing statements directly into your scripts:
console.time("timeName");
// ...
console.timeEnd("timeName");
 
# 9

<!-- minimized version of the jQuery library -->
<script src="//ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.4.4/jquery.min.js"></script>
<!-- minimized version of the jQuery UI library -->
<script src="//ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jqueryui/1.8.6/jquery-ui.min.js">
</script>
You’ll notice that in the example above we haven’t specified a protocol; instead, // is
used. This is a little-known trick that ensures the script file is fetched using the same
protocol as the host page. In other words, if your page was loaded securely over HTTPS,
the script file will be as well, eliminating any security warnings.

# 10

Google Chrome and Safari also have auditors, but these are built right into the browser.
As shown in Chrome in Figure 10-1, simply go to the Audits section of Web Inspector
and click Run. This is a great way of seeing what things your site could improve on to
increase its performance.

